[docs] Mention `groups` submit parameter (#37681)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/pre-packaged-jobs.mdx

| build_id  | string   | Required. The ID of the build to submit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| profile   | string   | Optional. The submit profile to use. Defaults to `production`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | groups    | string[] | Optional. Array of TestFlight internal group names to add the build to (only affects iOS submissions; for Android, this param is ignored). Overrides `groups` in the [submit profile](/eas/json/#ios-specific-options-1). Note: on top of the groups you provide here, the build will be automatically added to the groups that have been created with "Enable automatic distribution" App Store Connect setting. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| groups    | string[] | Optional. An array of TestFlight internal group names to add the build to (only affects iOS submissions; for Android, this parameter is ignored). Overrides `groups` in the [submit profile](/eas/json/#ios-specific-options-1). Note: On top of the groups you provide here, the build will be automatically added to the groups that have been created with the "Enable automatic distribution" App Store Connect setting. |
```
